Documentation (#72)
drewjbeh/nf-core-drop: docs/usage.md

## Introduction

> nf-core/drop allows controlling which subworkflows to run via variable in the config file (`ae_run` (Aberrant Expression), `as_run` (Aberrant Splicing), `mae_run` (Mono-Allelic Expression)). By default, each subworkflow is set to false. We describe different global and module-specific parameters in the [parameter documentation](https://nf-co.re/drop/parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/drop allows controlling which subworkflows to run via parameters (`--ae_run` (Aberrant Expression), `--as_run` (Aberrant Splicing), `--mae_run` (Mono-Allelic Expression)). By default, each subworkflow is set to false. We describe different global and module-specific parameters in the [parameter documentation](https://nf-co.re/drop/parameters).
```

## Samplesheet input

> For a detailed explanation of the columns of the samplesheet, please refer to Box 3 of the [DROP manuscript](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41596-020-00462-5#Sec26). Some information has been updated since publication, please use this documentation as the preferred syntax/formatting.

Each row of the sample annotation table corresponds to a unique RNA sample. The required columns are `RNA_ID`, `RNA_BAM_FILE` and `DROP_GROUP`. The following columns describe the RNA-seq experimental setup: `STRAND`(mandatory column), `PAIRED_END`, `COUNT_MODE` and `COUNT_OVERLAPS`. They affect the counting procedures of the aberrant expression and splicing subworkflows. For a detailed explanation, refer to the documentation of [HTSeq](https://htseq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

### DROP_GROUP

> DROP_GROUP are the analysis groups that the RNA assay belongs to. Multiple groups must be separated by commas and no spaces (e.g., blood,WES,groupA). Together with the options `--ae_groups`, `--as_groups`, and `--mae_groups` to specify which groups to run in each subworkflow, it allows you to perform different analyses (for example, across different tissue groups) within a single run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DROP_GROUP are the analysis groups that the RNA assay belongs to. Multiple groups must be separated by commas and no spaces (e.g., blood,WES,groupA). Together with the parameters `--ae_groups`, `--as_groups`, and `--mae_groups` to specify which groups to run in each subworkflow, it allows you to perform different analyses (for example, across different tissue groups) within a single run. All groups will be analysed in their respective subworkflow if the `groups` parameters are missing.
```
